# April 9, 2026

- New working group member: Pantheon
- Moving from Discord to Slack for working group communication
- 16.3 early information
  - Cache Components infrastructure impact is more paths and routes generated. Recommended testing cache components applications.
  - Edge Runtime deprecation: The edge runtime will be deprecated in Next.js 16.3 as discussed in earlier working group meetings. 16.3 will have a warning. 17 will remove it.
    - The Edge Runtime is already opt-in. Defaults don't change.
- Improvements for SPA style applications
  - The Next.js team is working on improvements to support Single Page Application (SPA) types of apps better
  - Smarter prefetching and routing adjustments behind the scenes to allow the model to better support use cases where server interaction is unnecessary, such as navigating between chat threads
- Adapter Updates
  - Netlify
    - Full test suite almost passing
  - Cloudflare
    - Cloudflare Workers runtime in development: Planning to have a separate meeting for the working group to discuss how workerd could be used in development. Cloudflare to document requirements in order to achieve this.
  - Google
    - Good progress on Kubernetes adapter
    - Supports Partial Prerendering on GKE.
    - GKE-only initially
  - OpenNext
    - Question about Deployment ID changing the Build ID: Next.js team clarified that this change is part of their work on incremental builds to ensure consistent outputs between builds and that the `deployment ID` is intended to become the source of truth, replacing the Build ID for infrastructure navigation
- Other topics
  - Partial Prerendering (PPR): Discussed the impact of PPR when the static shell is not served from the CDN. Improvement for all applications.
  - Question about Security Policy, what versions receive patches: Clarified the supported versions are outlined at <https://nextjs.org/support-policy>
  - Question about the purpose of the working group from Pantheon (new member): Jimmy Lai confirmed that the group's intent is to be wider, field all concerns, and serve as a venue for helping Next.js work for everyone.
